---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "binarylane_images Data Source - terraform-provider-binarylane"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# binarylane_images (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `type` (String) Queries for distribution will include images that have pre-installed applications.

### Read-Only

- `images` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))

<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Read-Only:

- `backup_info` (Attributes) If this image is a backup, this object will provide further information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images--backup_info))
- `created_at` (String) If this is a backup image this is the date and time in ISO8601 format when the image was created.
- `description` (String) A description that may provide further details or warnings about the image.
- `distribution` (String) If this is an operating system image, this is the name of the distribution. If this is a backup image, this is the name of the distribution the server is using.
- `distribution_info` (Attributes) This object may provide further information about the distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images--distribution_info))
- `distribution_surcharges` (Attributes) If this is not null the use of this image may incur surcharges above the base cost of the server. All costs are in AU$. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images--distribution_surcharges))
- `error_message` (String) If the image creation failed this may provide further information.
- `full_name` (String) If this is an operating system image, this is the name and version of the distribution. If this is a backup image, this is the server hostname and label of the backup if it exists, otherwise it is the server hostname and UTC timestamp of the creation of the image.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this image.
- `min_disk_size` (Number) For a distribution image this is the minimum disk size in GB required to install the operating system. For a backup image this is the minimum total disk size in GB required to restore the backup.
- `min_memory_megabytes` (Number) This is minimum memory in MB necessary to support this operating system (or the base operating system for a backup image).
- `name` (String) If this is an operating system image, this is the name of the operating system version. If this is a backup image, this is the label of the backup if it exists, otherwise it is the UTC timestamp of the creation of the image.
- `public` (Boolean) A public image is available to all users. A private image is available only to the account that created the image.
- `regions` (List of String) The slugs of the regions where the image is available for use.
- `size_gigabytes` (Number) For a distribution image this is the disk size used in GB by the operating system on initial install. For a backup image this is the size of the compressed backup image in GB.
- `slug` (String) If this is an operating system image this is a slug which may be used as an alternative to the ID as a reference.
- `status` (String) | Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| NEW | The image is new. |
| available | The image is available for use. |
| pending | The image is pending and is not yet available for use. |
| deleted | The image has been deleted and is no longer available for use. |
- `type` (String) | Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| custom | An image uploaded by a user. |
| snapshot | A snapshot. Snapshot creation is not currently supported so only distribution images will have this value. |
| backup | A backup of a server. |

<a id="nestedatt--images--backup_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images.backup_info`

Read-Only:

- `backup_disks` (Attributes List) A list of the individual disks that make up this backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images--backup_info--backup_disks))
- `iso` (Boolean) If this is true the backup is an ISO image and cannot be restored or downloaded. ISO images may only be attached for use as a boot disk or an additional disk.
- `locked` (Boolean) If this is true the backup is locked and cannot be replaced.
- `offsite` (Boolean) If this is true, an attempt to create an offsite copy was made. This does not mean that the offsite copy attempt was successful or that the copy still exists.
- `server_id` (Number) The server ID that was used to create this backup.
- `type` (String) | Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| daily | A backup which is scheduled to be taken each day. |
| weekly | A backup which is scheduled to be taken each week. |
| monthly | A backup which is scheduled to be taken each month. |
| temporary | A backup which is created on demand and only retained for a maximum of seven days. |

<a id="nestedatt--images--backup_info--backup_disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images.backup_info.backup_disks`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of this disk.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this backup disk.
- `min_disk_size` (Number) This is the minimum disk size in GB required to restore this disk image.
- `size_gigabytes` (Number) This is the compressed size of the disk image in GB.



<a id="nestedatt--images--distribution_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images.distribution_info`

Read-Only:

- `features` (List of String) Features supported by this distribution.
- `image_id` (Number) If this is a backup image, the operating system ID of the server at the time the backup was created.
- `password_recovery` (String) Supported methods of password recovery.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| manual | Password must be reset manually using the recovery console and rescue disk. |
| offline-clear | Password can be cleared for the admin/root user only. New password needs to be provided on login via the console (Requires restart). |
| offline-change | Password can be reset and new credentials sent (Requires restart). |
| online-change | Password may be reset without requiring a reboot via installed QEMU Guest Agent. |
- `remote_access_user` (String) User name to use when connecting via remote access (RDP or SSH).


<a id="nestedatt--images--distribution_surcharges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images.distribution_surcharges`

Read-Only:

- `surcharge_base_cost` (Number) The additional cost for using this operating system as the base image for a size.
- `surcharge_min_vcpu` (Number) The minimum vcpu count for surcharge calculations.
- `surcharge_per_memory_max_megabytes` (Number) The maximum memory in MB that counts towards the surcharge_per_memory_mb. Any memory above this cap does not attract the surcharge.
- `surcharge_per_memory_megabyte` (Number) The additional cost per MB for using this operating system as the base image for a size.
- `surcharge_per_vcpu` (Number) The additional cost per vcpu for using this operating system as the base image for a size.
