---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "binarylane_server_firewall_rules Data Source - terraform-provider-binarylane"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve details about the External Firewall Rules assigned to a BinaryLane server.
---

# binarylane_server_firewall_rules (Data Source)

Retrieve details about the External Firewall Rules assigned to a BinaryLane server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "binarylane_server_firewall_rules" "example" {
  server_id = 123456
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `server_id` (Number) The ID of the server for which firewall rules should be listed.

### Read-Only

- `firewall_rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for the server. NB: that any existing rules that are not included will be removed. Submit an empty list to clear all rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action to take when there is a match on this rule.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| drop | Traffic matching this rule will be dropped. |
| accept | Traffic matching this rule will be accepted. |
- `description` (String) A description to assist in identifying this rule. Commonly used to record the reason for the rule or the intent behind it, e.g. "Block access to RDP" or "Allow access from HQ".
- `destination_addresses` (List of String) The destination addresses to match for this rule. Each address may be an individual IPv4 address or a range in IPv4 CIDR notation.
- `destination_ports` (List of String) The destination ports to match for this rule. Leave null or empty to match on all ports.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to match for this rule.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| all | This rule will match any protocol. |
| icmp | This rule will match ICMP traffic only. |
| tcp | This rule will match TCP traffic only. |
| udp | This rule will match UDP traffic only. |
- `source_addresses` (List of String) The source addresses to match for this rule. Each address may be an individual IPv4 address or a range in IPv4 CIDR notation.
