---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "binarylane_sizes Data Source - terraform-provider-binarylane"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# binarylane_sizes (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "binarylane_sizes" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `image` (String) If null or not provided regions that support the size are included in the returned objects regardless of operating system. If this is provided it must be the id or slug of an operating system image and will cause only valid regions for the size and operating system to be included in the returned objects.
- `server_id` (Number) If supplied only sizes available for a resize the specified server will be returned. This parameter is only available when authenticated.

### Read-Only

- `sizes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sizes))

<a id="nestedatt--sizes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sizes`

Read-Only:

- `available` (Boolean) If this is false the size is not available for new servers.
- `cpu_description` (String) A description of the CPU provided in this size.
- `description` (String) A description of this size.
- `disk` (Number) The included storage for this size in GB.
- `excess_transfer_cost_per_gigabyte` (Number) The excess charged for any transfer above the included data transfer in AU$ per GB.
- `memory` (Number) The included memory for this size in MB.
- `options` (Attributes) Available add-ons (optional features not included in the base price) for the size. All costs are in AU$ per month (pro-rated). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sizes--options))
- `price_hourly` (Number) Hourly price in AU$.
- `price_monthly` (Number) Monthly Price in AU$.
- `regions` (List of String) A list of region slugs where this size is available regardless of stock.
If this a response to a query that included a selected operating system this response will only include regions where that operating system is available on this size,
otherwise not all regions listed will support all operating systems on this size.
- `regions_out_of_stock` (List of String) A list of region slugs where the size is normally available but is currently not available due to lack of stock.
- `size_type` (Attributes) The type of this size, generally used to differentiate sizes optimized for different usages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sizes--size_type))
- `slug` (String) The slug of this size.
- `storage_description` (String) A description of the storage provided in this size.
- `transfer` (Number) The included data transfer for this size in TB.
- `vcpu_units` (String) This is the unit that the vcpus field counts, e.g. "core" or "thread".
- `vcpus` (Number) The count of virtual CPUs for this size. See vcpu_units for a description of how each virtual CPU maps to the underlying hardware.

<a id="nestedatt--sizes--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sizes.options`

Read-Only:

- `backups_cost_per_backup_per_gigabyte` (Number) The cost per GB of storage of each selected backup. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `daily_backups` (Number) The number of daily backups included in the base size cost.
- `discount_for_no_public_ipv4` (Number) This is the discount (if any) that is applied if no public IPv4 addresses are selected.
- `disk_cost_per_additional_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for additional storage space.
- `disk_max` (Number) The maximum storage in GB permitted on this size.
- `disk_min` (Number) The minimum storage in GB permitted on this size.
- `ipv4_addresses_cost_per_address` (Number) The additional cost per public IPv4 address per month for additional IPv4 addresses.
- `ipv4_addresses_max` (Number) The maximum number of IPv4 addresses permitted on this size.
- `memory_cost_per_additional_megabyte` (Number) The additional cost per MB per month for additional memory.
- `memory_max` (Number) The maximum memory in MB permitted on this size.
- `monthly_backups` (Number) The number of monthly backups included in the base size cost.
- `offsite_backup_frequency_cost` (Attributes) The additional cost per GB of storage for enabling offsite backups based on highest frequency of backups currently enabled. All costs are in AU$. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sizes--options--offsite_backup_frequency_cost))
- `offsite_backups_cost_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB of storage for enabling offsite backups. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `restricted_disk_values` (List of Number) If this is null the normal valid values in the documentation for SizeOptionsRequest are used, otherwise only these values (in GB) are permitted.
- `transfer_cost_per_additional_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for additional included transfer.
- `transfer_max` (Number) The maximum transfer in TB permitted for this size.
- `weekly_backups` (Number) The number of weekly backups included in the base size cost.

<a id="nestedatt--sizes--options--offsite_backup_frequency_cost"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sizes.options.offsite_backup_frequency_cost`

Read-Only:

- `daily_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for enabling daily offsite backups. Only the highest value of the daily, weekly and monthly is applied. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `monthly_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for enabling monthly offsite backups. Only the highest value of the daily, weekly and monthly is applied. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `weekly_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for enabling weekly offsite backups. Only the highest value of the daily, weekly and monthly is applied. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.



<a id="nestedatt--sizes--size_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sizes.size_type`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of this size type, generally used to indicate the intended use case for sizes of this type.
- `name` (String) The name of this size type.
- `slug` (String) The slug of this size type.
