---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "binarylane_server Resource - terraform-provider-binarylane"
description: |-
  Provides a Binary Lane Server resource. This can be used to create and delete servers.
---

# binarylane_server (Resource)

Provides a Binary Lane Server resource. This can be used to create and delete servers.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) The slug of the selected operating system.
- `region` (String) The slug of the selected region.
- `size` (String) The slug of the selected size.

### Optional

- `backups` (Boolean) If true this will enable two daily backups for the server. Options.daily_backups will override this value if provided. Setting this to false has no effect.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the server to fetch.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) If true this will enable IPv6 for this server.
- `licenses` (Attributes List) The desired set of licenses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licenses))
- `name` (String) The hostname of your server, such as vps01.yourcompany.com. If not provided, the server will be created with a random name.
- `options1` (Attributes) This may be left null to accept all of the defaults for the selected size. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options1))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) If this is provided the specified or default remote user's account password will be set to this value. Only valid if the server supports password change actions (check server.password_change_supported via the servers endpoint). If omitted and the server supports password change actions a random password will be generated and emailed to the account email address.
- `port_blocking` (Boolean) Port blocking of outgoing connections for email, SSH and Remote Desktop (TCP ports 22, 25, and 3389) is enabled by default for all new servers. If this is false port blocking will be disabled. Disabling port blocking is only available to reviewed accounts.
- `ssh_keys` (List of String) This may be either the SSH keys Ids or fingerprints. If this is null or not provided any SSH keys that have been marked as default will be deployed (if the operating system supports SSH keys). Submit an empty array to disable deployment of default keys.
- `user_data` (String) If provided this will be used to initialise the new server. This must be left null if the Image does not support UserData, see DistributionInfo.Features for more information.
- `vpc_id` (Number) Leave null to use default (public) network for the selected region.

### Read-Only

- `links` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `server` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server))

<a id="nestedatt--licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licenses`

Required:

- `count` (Number) The number of licences.
- `software_id` (Number) The ID of the software to license.


<a id="nestedatt--options1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options1`

Optional:

- `daily_backups` (Number) Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or to keep the current value if this is a resize of an existing server.
- `disk` (Number) The total storage in GB for this server.
If specified this is the absolute value, not just the additional storage above what is included in the size.
Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or a resize to a different base size, or to keep the current value if this a resize with the same base size but different options.

Valid values for sizes that do not provide a value for options.restricted_storage_values_gb:
- must be a multiple of 5
- &gt; 60GB must be a multiple of 10
- &gt; 200GB must be a multiple of 100
- `ipv4_addresses` (Number) The total count of IPv4 addresses for this server. If specified this is the absolute value, not just the additional IPv4 addresses above what is included in the size. Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or to keep the current value if this is a resize of an existing server. Must not exceed the size.ipv4_addresses_max value.
- `memory` (Number) The total memory in MB for this server.
If specified this is the absolute value, not just the additional memory above what is included in the size.
Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or a resize to a different base size, or to keep the current value if this a resize with the same base size but different options.

Valid values:
- must be a multiple of 128
- &gt; 2048MB must be a multiple of 1024
- &gt; 16384MB must be a multiple of 2048
- &gt; 24576MB must be a multiple of 4096
- `monthly_backups` (Number) Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or to keep the current value if this is a resize of an existing server.
- `offsite_backups` (Boolean) Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or to keep the current value if this is a resize of an existing server.
- `transfer` (Number) The total transfer per month in TB for this server.
If specified this is the absolute value, not just the additional transfer above what is included in the size.
Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or a resize to a different base size, or to keep the current value if this a resize with the same base size but different options.

Valid values (when converted to GB by multiplying the value provided by 1024):
- must be a multiple of 5GB
- &gt; 30GB must be a multiple of 10
- &gt; 200GB must be a multiple of 100
- &gt; 2000GB must be a multiple of 1000
- `weekly_backups` (Number) Leave null to accept the default for the size if this is a new server or to keep the current value if this is a resize of an existing server.


<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links--actions))

<a id="nestedatt--links--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links.actions`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)
- `id` (Number)
- `rel` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_features` (Attributes) The currently enabled advanced features, machine type and processor flags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--advanced_features))
- `attached_backup` (Attributes) An object that provides details of any backup image currently attached to the server.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--attached_backup))
- `backup_ids` (List of Number) A list of the currently existing backup image IDs for this server (if any).
- `backup_settings` (Attributes) Detailed backup settings for the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--backup_settings))
- `cancelled_at` (String) If the server has been cancelled, this is the date and time in ISO8601 format of that cancellation.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time in ISO8601 format of this server's initial creation.
- `disk` (Number) The total disk in GB of this server.
- `disks` (Attributes List) A list of the disks that are currently attached to the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--disks))
- `failover_ips` (List of String) A list of any assigned failover IP addresses for this server.
- `features` (List of String) A list of the currently enabled features on this server.
- `host` (Attributes) Summary information about the host of this server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--host))
- `id` (Number) The ID of this server.
- `image` (Attributes) The base image used to create this server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--image))
- `kernel` (Attributes) The currently selected kernel for the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--kernel))
- `memory` (Number) The memory in MB of this server.
- `name` (String) The hostname of this server.
- `networks` (Attributes) A list of the networks of the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--networks))
- `next_backup_window` (Attributes) The details of the next scheduled backup, if any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--next_backup_window))
- `partner_id` (Number) The server ID of the partner of this server, if one has been assigned.
- `password_change_supported` (Boolean) If this is true the password_reset server action can be called to change a user's password. If this is false the password_reset server action will merely clear the root/administrator password allowing the password to be changed via the web console.
- `permalink` (String) A randomly generated two-word identifier assigned to servers in regions that support this feature.
- `region` (Attributes) The region this server is allocated to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--region))
- `selected_size_options` (Attributes) An object that details the selected options for the current size. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--selected_size_options))
- `size` (Attributes) The currently selected size for this server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--size))
- `size_slug` (String) The slug of the currently selected size for this server.
| - `status` (String) | Value                                                                                | Description |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| new                 | The server is currently in the process of building and is not yet available for use. |
| active              | The server is available for use.                                                     |
| archive             | The server is powered off due to cancellation or non payment.                        |
| off                 | The server has been powered off, but may be powered back on.                         |
- `vcpus` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs of this server.
- `vpc_id` (Number) The VPC ID that this server is allocated to. If this value is null the server is in the default (public) network for the region.

<a id="nestedatt--server--advanced_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.advanced_features`

Read-Only:

- `enabled_advanced_features` (List of String) A list of the currently enabled advanced features for this server.
- `machine_type` (String) The machine_type (corresponding to a KVM version) used for this server.
A null value indicates automatic selection of the best KVM machine type supported by the host node.
- `processor_model` (Number) The ID of the processor model (and therefore CPU flags) available for this server.
A null value indicates automatic selection of the best processor model supported by the host node.
This does not change the physical CPU, only the CPU flags available to the operating system.
- `video_device` (String) Video Device

| Value        | Description                           |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| cirrus-logic | Cirrus Logic GD5446                   |
| standard     | Standard VGA with VESA 2.0 extensions |
| virtio       | Virtio VGA (800x600)                  |
| virtio-wide  | Virtio VGA (1600x900)                 |


<a id="nestedatt--server--attached_backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.attached_backup`

Read-Only:

- `attached_at` (String) The date and time in ISO8601 format when this image was attached to the server.
- `attachment_expires` (String) The date and time in ISO8601 format when the backup will be automatically detached unless it is manually detached earlier.
- `disk_identifiers` (List of String) A list of the operating specific disk identifiers for the attached backup disks.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the backup image.


<a id="nestedatt--server--backup_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.backup_settings`

Read-Only:

- `backup_day_of_month` (Number) If monthly backups are enabled the day of the month the monthly backup will occur.
- `backup_day_of_week` (Number) If weekly backups are enabled the day of the week that the weekly backup will occur. Sunday is day 0.
- `backup_hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of the day that backups will be scheduled. This is an approximate value.
- `offsite_backup_settings` (Attributes) If offsite backups are enabled this details how they are stored and managed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--backup_settings--offsite_backup_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--server--backup_settings--offsite_backup_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.backup_settings.offsite_backup_settings`

Read-Only:

- `manage_offsite_copies` (Boolean) This only has effect if a custom offsite location is being used: the internal offsite backup location always manages copies.
If this is true old offsite backups will be removed once the replacement upload is complete.
If this is false backups must be removed from the Amazon S3 bucket manually. Amazon will charge your S3 account at their standard rate for every backup stored.
- `offsite_backup_location` (String) If a custom backup location is used, this is the provided location.
- `use_custom_backup_location` (Boolean) If this is true a custom backup location will be used. If false our internally managed offsite backup location be used.



<a id="nestedatt--server--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.disks`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of this disk.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this disk.
- `primary` (Boolean) A primary disk is treated differently from other disks.
- `size_gigabytes` (Number) The size of the disk in GB.


<a id="nestedatt--server--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.host`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The name for this host.
- `status_page` (String) This is the URL of the status page of the host. This will normally only be set if the host is under maintenance.
- `uptime_ms` (Number) The current uptime in milliseconds of this host.


<a id="nestedatt--server--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.image`

Read-Only:

- `backup_info` (Attributes) If this image is a backup, this object will provide further information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--image--backup_info))
- `created_at` (String) If this is a backup image this is the date and time in ISO8601 format when the image was created.
- `description` (String) A description that may provide further details or warnings about the image.
- `distribution` (String) If this is an operating system image, this is the name of the distribution. If this is a backup image, this is the name of the distribution the server is using.
- `distribution_info` (Attributes) This object may provide further information about the distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--image--distribution_info))
- `distribution_surcharges` (Attributes) If this is not null the use of this image may incur surcharges above the base cost of the server. All costs are in AU$. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--image--distribution_surcharges))
- `error_message` (String) If the image creation failed this may provide further information.
- `full_name` (String) If this is an operating system image, this is the name and version of the distribution. If this is a backup image, this is the server hostname and label of the backup if it exists, otherwise it is the server hostname and UTC timestamp of the creation of the image.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this image.
- `min_disk_size` (Number) For a distribution image this is the minimum disk size in GB required to install the operating system. For a backup image this is the minimum total disk size in GB required to restore the backup.
- `min_memory_megabytes` (Number) This is minimum memory in MB necessary to support this operating system (or the base operating system for a backup image).
- `name` (String) If this is an operating system image, this is the name of the operating system version. If this is a backup image, this is the label of the backup if it exists, otherwise it is the UTC timestamp of the creation of the image.
- `public` (Boolean) A public image is available to all users. A private image is available only to the account that created the image.
- `regions` (List of String) The slugs of the regions where the image is available for use.
- `size_gigabytes` (Number) For a distribution image this is the disk size used in GB by the operating system on initial install. For a backup image this is the size of the compressed backup image in GB.
- `slug` (String) If this is an operating system image this is a slug which may be used as an alternative to the ID as a reference.
| - `status` (String) | Value                                                                                                      | Description |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| NEW                 | The image is new.                                                                                          |
| available           | The image is available for use.                                                                            |
| pending             | The image is pending and is not yet available for use.                                                     |
| deleted             | The image has been deleted and is no longer available for use.                                             |
| - `type` (String)   | Value                                                                                                      | Description |
| -----               | -----------                                                                                                |
| custom              | An image uploaded by a user.                                                                               |
| snapshot            | A snapshot. Snapshot creation is not currently supported so only distribution images will have this value. |
| backup              | A backup of a server.                                                                                      |

<a id="nestedatt--server--image--backup_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.image.backup_info`

Read-Only:

- `backup_disks` (Attributes List) A list of the individual disks that make up this backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--image--backup_info--backup_disks))
- `iso` (Boolean) If this is true the backup is an ISO image and cannot be restored. ISO images may only be attached for use as a boot disk or an additional disk.
- `locked` (Boolean) If this is true the backup is locked and cannot be replaced.
- `offsite` (Boolean) If this is true, an attempt to create an offsite copy was made. This does not mean that the offsite copy attempt was successful or that the copy still exists.
- `server_id` (Number) The server ID that was used to create this backup.
| - `type` (String) | Value                                                                              | Description |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| daily             | A backup which is scheduled to be taken each day.                                  |
| weekly            | A backup which is scheduled to be taken each week.                                 |
| monthly           | A backup which is scheduled to be taken each month.                                |
| temporary         | A backup which is created on demand and only retained for a maximum of seven days. |

<a id="nestedatt--server--image--backup_info--backup_disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.image.backup_info.backup_disks`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of this disk.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this backup disk.
- `min_disk_size` (Number) This is the minimum disk size in GB required to restore this disk image.
- `size_gigabytes` (Number) This is the compressed size of the disk image in GB.



<a id="nestedatt--server--image--distribution_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.image.distribution_info`

Read-Only:

- `features` (List of String) Features supported by this distribution.
- `image_id` (Number) If this is a backup image, the operating system ID of the server at the time the backup was created.
- `password_recovery` (String) Supported methods of password recovery.

| Value          | Description                                                                                                                          |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| manual         | Password must be reset manually using the recovery console and rescue disk.                                                          |
| offline-clear  | Password can be cleared for the admin/root user only. New password needs to be provided on login via the console (Requires restart). |
| offline-change | Password can be reset and new credentials sent (Requires restart).                                                                   |
| online-change  | Password may be reset without requiring a reboot via installed QEMU Guest Agent.                                                     |
- `remote_access_user` (String) User name to use when connecting via remote access (RDP or SSH).


<a id="nestedatt--server--image--distribution_surcharges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.image.distribution_surcharges`

Read-Only:

- `surcharge_base_cost` (Number) The additional cost for using this operating system as the base image for a size.
- `surcharge_min_vcpu` (Number) The minimum vcpu count for surcharge calculations.
- `surcharge_per_memory_max_megabytes` (Number) The maximum memory in MB that counts towards the surcharge_per_memory_mb. Any memory above this cap does not attract the surcharge.
- `surcharge_per_memory_megabyte` (Number) The additional cost per MB for using this operating system as the base image for a size.
- `surcharge_per_vcpu` (Number) The additional cost per vcpu for using this operating system as the base image for a size.



<a id="nestedatt--server--kernel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.kernel`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of this kernel.
- `name` (String) This name of this kernel.
- `version` (String) The version (if any) of this kernel.


<a id="nestedatt--server--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.networks`

Read-Only:

- `ipv6_reverse_nameservers` (List of String) Any configured IPv6 reverse nameservers for this server. Please see our documentation for how this interacts with IPv6 nameserver settings at the account level.
- `port_blocking` (Boolean) Whether the default port blocking is enabled for this server.
- `recent_ddos` (Boolean) If this is true this server has been the target of a recent DDOS attack. An email will have been sent to your email address when the DDOS was detected (and if it has ended, when it ended) with more details.
- `separate_private_network_interface` (Boolean) Whether a separate private network interface is provided for the server's VPC traffic.
- `source_and_destination_check` (Boolean) If enabled, this server is only able to send and receive data packets directly addressed to an IP address assigned to this server.
- `v4` (Attributes List) A list of the IPv4 networks for this server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--networks--v4))
- `v6` (Attributes List) A list of the IPv6 networks for this server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--networks--v6))

<a id="nestedatt--server--networks--v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.networks.v4`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The gateway for this network.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address for this network.
- `nat_target` (String) If this is not null this property is the private IP address which receives packets from this network.
- `netmask` (String)
- `reverse_name` (String) The reverse name (if any) for this network.
| - `type` (String) | Value                                        | Description |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| private           | A private (non internet accessible) network. |
| public            | A public (internet accessible) network.      |


<a id="nestedatt--server--networks--v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.networks.v6`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The gateway for this network.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address for this network.
- `nat_target` (String) If this is not null this property is the private IP address which receives packets from this network.
- `netmask` (String)
- `reverse_name` (String) The reverse name (if any) for this network.
| - `type` (String) | Value                                        | Description |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| private           | A private (non internet accessible) network. |
| public            | A public (internet accessible) network.      |



<a id="nestedatt--server--next_backup_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.next_backup_window`

Read-Only:

- `end` (String) The expected latest date and time in ISO8601 format of the next scheduled backup.
This is not a guarantee that the backup will have started or completed by this date and time.
- `start` (String) The approximate earliest start date and time in ISO8601 format of the next scheduled backup.


<a id="nestedatt--server--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.region`

Read-Only:

- `available` (Boolean) Whether this region is available for the allocation of new resources.
- `features` (List of String) A list of features available for resources in this region.
- `name` (String) The name of this region.
- `name_servers` (List of String) A list of nameservers available for resources in this region.
- `sizes` (List of String) The slugs of the sizes available in this region.
- `slug` (String) The unique slug for this region.


<a id="nestedatt--server--selected_size_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.selected_size_options`

Read-Only:

- `daily_backups` (Number) The number of retained daily backups. e.g. if this is '2' we will store two daily backups, so each daily backup will be retained for two days before being overwritten.
- `disk` (Number) The total storage in GB for this server.
- `ipv4_addresses` (Number) The total count of IPv4 addresses for this server.
- `memory` (Number) The total memory in MB for this server.
- `monthly_backups` (Number) The number of retained monthly backups. e.g. if this is '3' we will store three monthly backups, so each monthly backup will be retained for three months before being overwritten.
- `offsite_backups` (Boolean) If this is true any daily, weekly or monthly backups will be duplicated to an off-site location.
- `transfer` (Number) The total transfer per month in TB for this server.
- `weekly_backups` (Number) The number of retained weekly backups. e.g. if this is '1' we will store one weekly backup, so that weekly backup will be retained for one week before being overwritten.


<a id="nestedatt--server--size"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.size`

Read-Only:

- `available` (Boolean) If this is false the size is not available for new servers.
- `cpu_description` (String) A description of the CPU provided in this size.
- `description` (String) A description of this size.
- `disk` (Number) The included storage for this size in GB.
- `excess_transfer_cost_per_gigabyte` (Number) The excess charged for any transfer above the included data transfer in AU$ per GB.
- `memory` (Number) The included memory for this size in MB.
- `options2` (Attributes) Available add-ons (optional features not included in the base price) for the size. All costs are in AU$ per month (pro-rated). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--size--options2))
- `price_hourly` (Number) Hourly price in AU$.
- `price_monthly` (Number) Monthly Price in AU$.
- `regions` (List of String) A list of region slugs where this size is available regardless of stock.
If this a response to a query that included a selected operating system this response will only include regions where that operating system is available on this size,
otherwise not all regions listed will support all operating systems on this size.
- `regions_out_of_stock` (List of String) A list of region slugs where the size is normally available but is currently not available due to lack of stock.
- `size_type` (Attributes) The type of this size, generally used to differentiate sizes optimized for different usages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--size--size_type))
- `slug` (String) The slug of this size.
- `storage_description` (String) A description of the storage provided in this size.
- `transfer` (Number) The included data transfer for this size in TB.
- `vcpu_units` (String) This is the unit that the vcpus field counts, e.g. "core" or "thread".
- `vcpus` (Number) The count of virtual CPUs for this size. See vcpu_units for a description of how each virtual CPU maps to the underlying hardware.

<a id="nestedatt--server--size--options2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.size.options2`

Read-Only:

- `backups_cost_per_backup_per_gigabyte` (Number) The cost per GB of storage of each selected backup. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `daily_backups` (Number) The number of daily backups included in the base size cost.
- `discount_for_no_public_ipv4` (Number) This is the discount (if any) that is applied if no public IPv4 addresses are selected.
- `disk_cost_per_additional_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for additional storage space.
- `disk_max` (Number) The maximum storage in GB permitted on this size.
- `disk_min` (Number) The minimum storage in GB permitted on this size.
- `ipv4_addresses_cost_per_address` (Number) The additional cost per public IPv4 address per month for additional IPv4 addresses.
- `ipv4_addresses_max` (Number) The maximum number of IPv4 addresses permitted on this size.
- `memory_cost_per_additional_megabyte` (Number) The additional cost per MB per month for additional memory.
- `memory_max` (Number) The maximum memory in MB permitted on this size.
- `monthly_backups` (Number) The number of monthly backups included in the base size cost.
- `offsite_backup_frequency_cost` (Attributes) The additional cost per GB of storage for enabling offsite backups based on highest frequency of backups currently enabled. All costs are in AU$. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server--size--options2--offsite_backup_frequency_cost))
- `offsite_backups_cost_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB of storage for enabling offsite backups. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `restricted_disk_values` (List of Number) If this is null the normal valid values in the documentation for SizeOptionsRequest are used, otherwise only these values (in GB) are permitted.
- `transfer_cost_per_additional_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for additional included transfer.
- `transfer_max` (Number) The maximum transfer in TB permitted for this size.
- `weekly_backups` (Number) The number of weekly backups included in the base size cost.

<a id="nestedatt--server--size--options2--offsite_backup_frequency_cost"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.size.options2.offsite_backup_frequency_cost`

Read-Only:

- `daily_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for enabling daily offsite backups. Only the highest value of the daily, weekly and monthly is applied. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `monthly_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for enabling monthly offsite backups. Only the highest value of the daily, weekly and monthly is applied. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.
- `weekly_per_gigabyte` (Number) The additional cost per GB per month for enabling weekly offsite backups. Only the highest value of the daily, weekly and monthly is applied. See the API support document for how to calculate the final cost of backups based on the options selected.



<a id="nestedatt--server--size--size_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server.size.size_type`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of this size type, generally used to indicate the intended use case for sizes of this type.
- `name` (String) The name of this size type.
- `slug` (String) The slug of this size type.
